[backport 2.11] box: introduce c_func_iproto_multireturn in compat (#9144)
tarantool/tarantool: changelogs/unreleased/gh-4799-consistent-c-functions-calls.md

## bugfix/box

> * **[Breaking change]** Added a `c_func_iproto_multireturn` option to
>   tarantool.compat. The new behaviour drops an additional array that wraps
>   multiple results returned via iproto (gh-4799).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **[Breaking change]** Added a `c_func_iproto_multireturn` option to the
  `compat` module. The new behavior drops an additional array that wraps
  multiple results returned via iproto (gh-4799).
```
